Important key words: [God force, time, energy orientation, gravity, displacement, matter ]



Energy: The smallest unit, combination and proper orientation create basic atomic particle like electron, neutron, proton et.

Matter: Group of molecules.


Theory: Time and energy orientation are related very tightly one is unseparable from another. Time is a continous dimention and energy orientation moves relative accortion to time if time stops the continuous energy orientation will stop. Time and energy are unseparable and once the whole energy unit of the universe and the time was all in an one specific point. Something happened there because of the God Force and the time and energy orientation start changing it's frame. The time and energy orientation is shifting its old shapes beacuse of the universally spreaded constant God Force. Matters with huge energy units create time dialation cause it's shifts its shapes according to the effect of forward moving time by the constant dragging of God force and because of the existing of a constant God force and large block of time-energy-orientation required more God force. The time dialation also noticed in a fast moving object. Earlier we said time-matter-orientation shift its position because of the constant God force. when an object moves very fast it's matter absorbs God force more that slow down its time. Matter and Time both required God Force for changing its frame.

Gravity: Time particles have a nature of sticking together. when an two objects meets each other both attacts. They want to stick together as a single object. We mentioned earlier that huge chunk of matter absorbe more God force and slow down time-energy-orintation's forward movement. The nature of time-energy-orientation is they want to get submarged and want to become a singular substance. But due to exists of God force and it is a dragging force which push the time-energy-orientation block forward. When more matter gather together in a place then it absorbs more God force and slow down time or we can say the shifting of time-energy-orientation. If we pull a small block of matter from that sticking state the equilibrium will create resistance for maintaining it's eqilibrium. This phenomena is gravity.


Entropy: 
